[LOGO SWOOSHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>BILLY CARSON: Welcome back
to Disclosure with Dr. Steven
Greer.
In this final
episode, we discuss
what is in store for
humanity looking forward.
Dr. Greer, welcome
to Disclosure.
>>DR. STEVEN GREER: Thank you.
Great seeing you.
>>BILLY: Dr. Greer,
you mentioned a time
where consciousness
and science actually
merged together as one.
Can you tell us about that?
>>DR. GREER: Yeah,
we're actually
in the early stages
of this integration
where the paradigm
of reductionism,
traditional science,
dividing things into parts,
understanding how
things work are
beginning to be integrated with
the science of consciousness.
There's a lot of work
that's been pioneered
by Dr. John at Princeton and the
Princeton Engineering Anomalies
Research Lab, the
Peer Lab, and others.
And I think that
the big problem has
been there are massive leaps
forward that have occurred over
the last 70 years,
and classified
projects, and particularly,
since the late 1950s
that unfortunately the public
are not being told about
and our society is
not benefiting from.
But the basic understanding
of it is there,
and this is the understanding
that the field of consciousness
and the non-local
what physicists
call it entangled
cosmos is very much
accessible through
consciousness and thought.
And of course, many people like
Dr. Russell Targ, who I know
has come out from the shadows
talking about the CIA projects
in remote viewing
and their accuracy.
I knew Ingo Swann years ago,
who is a renowned remote viewer,
and what you find is that that
whole area of routinely using
consciousness to obtain
information, that's
all coming out more and more.
Although, mainstream
science still
wants to relegate
it to the fringes.
The good news is that you
have various universities that
have consciousness study
programs now looking into this,
and it's becoming more and
more funded and looked at.
But again, they're doing things
from starting at scratch.
If we can get some of this
information and technology
out classified projects use
for constructive purposes,
we take a big huge
quantum leap forward,
and as we go forward
as a civilization,
this will become a routine
part of our education.
I mean, children will be taught
meditation at an early age,
what consciousness is,
not what you're aware of.
Everybody confuses like a
'60s awareness building.
No, I'm talking about
what actual awareness
and consciousness is.
That's very different because
I think we're not really
teaching our children from K
through 12 or even universities
anything about that,
and in reality, it
needs to be taught very early
on so that they can understand
the cosmos they're living in.
And that would then inform
all the scientific research,
medical research there are a
lot of practical applications
to this, and that's
something we're not
prioritizing because
it hasn't gone
into acceptance large scale.
It will at some point.
But that's the reality of these
civilizations already visiting
and the classified
projects that have studied
this for 70 plus years is
that those technologies
and consciousness studies
have been very well developed.
>>BILLY: I read before
that you mentioned
that Earth is under some
type of a cosmic quarantine.
And so this quarantine, can
you explain the quarantine,
and why are we under
quarantine in the first place?
>>DR. GREER: I
mentioned it and coined
that concept back in the 90s.
And really what it
is, is, you know,
if you want a passport
to other star systems,
you have to become a level one
civilization, level one, level
two, which we went through
in the last episode
because if you're still
a warfaring civilization,
you're going to
be allowed to have
a certain amount of alacrity
and freedom and movement
in your own solar system.
But our solar system
is Earth and a couple
of few other planets,
you're not going
to be going out
interstellar bamming around
because my CE-5 contact teams
have had contact experiences
with civilizations that have
never had the concept of war
because they didn't
evolve from primates.
We're 98% identical our genetic
material to a chimpanzee,
and those do
organize into troops
and engage in battle
and troops and tribes.
And humans have this, I
think, as sort of our legacy
that we have to transcend as
we become so technologically
advanced that proclivity towards
division, otherness, racism,
us-versus-them mentality becomes
an extinction consciousness.
And so, we can't, you know,
this life here is precious,
this Earth is precious,
and humanity is precious.
But to get to the next phase,
we have to have universal peace.
And so once a civilization
reaches that point where
they have a
permanent peace, they
have renounced resolving
to military violence
for resolving differences, then
the universe opens its arms to.
Until such time, it's
truncated, it's limited.
And I know people
in the military
I've spoken to and at the
Defense Intelligence Agency,
where we had certain
satellites pointed
out targeting ET assets,
and they just simply
would shut them down.
And it was an interesting
series of conversations.
The problem is the people
running those projects feel
that they should be omnipotent.
They have this God complex
of Masters of the Universe,
and they don't like having
their wings clipped,
and that causes them to
even be more aggressive.
So there's an escalating
tit for tat sort of things
that have happened that
need to be resolved.
And it isn't going
to be resolved
with the level of
consciousness that created it.
As Einstein said, it has to
be resolved from people who
have cooler heads, wiser heads.
God forbid that this
whole exoracism comes
into it, you know, where--
Oh, well, this
civilization's good
and this whole
species is bad, then
we're going to align with
this one and fight that one.
Great for a Star Wars
movie, horrible policy
going forward because there's
no way that survivable.
So these civilizations are
waiting for us to grow up.
I liken this to the phases
of maturation of a human.
You have your
infancy, childhood.
Humanity right now is in its
rambunctious adolescent phase,
and the hallmark of maturity
of our species as a body
is universal peace,
not just world peace,
but peace out there as well.
So that's really the big
undertaking that has to happen,
and then we get cleared.
Everything is possible
at that point.
>>BILLY: If we're trying to
move out past our solar system,
would they just maybe use
their advanced technology
to shut us down, turn off our
power supply on our spacecraft?
What do you think they
would do to hold us back?
>>DR. GREER: It's
been made very clear
that there's a red line here.
You're not going to allow a
group of frankly sociopaths
who have this kind of
amazing power and technology
to go out and victimize
completely innocent planets,
just isn't going to happen.
And you know it's quite clear
that's not in the cards.
We're going to get there.
I'm optimistic, but
we're not there yet.
>>BILLY: What do
you think it will
take to free ourselves
from this quarantine
that we're under right now?
>>DR. GREER: Well, we have to
become a peaceful civilization.
So there is why
it's very important
that there be a global decision
to keep all weapons out
of space, to announce that
we're not alone in the universe,
and we need to have
a overt recognized
global diplomatic contact
with these civilizations,
not let it be in the hands of
secret military operations.
See, and this is where
it's been a huge mistake.
People I've talked to
who are in the system
recognize that the
secrecy created
a bubble where things could
happen without any checks
and balances, which
is always dangerous
and sort of a hermetically
sealed echo chamber.
And from that, all kinds
of mistakes were made.
And I think the
only way to resolve
is have the wise
people on the planet
be ambassadors to
these civilizations.
I had a lucid dream
back in the 70s,
where I saw this beautiful
event that happened,
and ironically, it looked
like it was at white sands,
and I was there.
I was older.
There were a lot of
people who were there.
It was being supported
by governments
and the military protectively,
and in broad daylight,
a sort of egg-shaped
seamless craft
lands and an extraterrestrial
elder comes out,
and this is televised
to the world
in a very positive, open,
beautiful moment for humanity.
And it was very clear.
I mean, I see that
as a possible future,
we need to get to
where that can happen.
And when we do, instead
of uniting the world
around a military threat,
like Ronald Reagan talked
about the UN, the world becomes
united around another vision
that we can become a
peaceful civilization
with free energy, abundance,
real social justice, and then
in that state of peace,
be welcomed in space.
That, I think, has
been forestalled.
I call it the lost century,
but I think we can do it.
I actually, I think
it's something
that absolutely must happen.
>>BILLY: That's a
great vision, and I
think that you're
taking a lot of steps
right now to create
that future a reality.
Do you think that all of this
mass consciousness and CE-5
protocol being developed
around the world
and being done all
will lead us to a Galactic
Federation acceptance?
>>DR. GREER: I think
there's no doubt
that's where we're
going to end up,
and I think I've mentioned this
probably within the next 1,000
years or so, is that human
civilization, Earth will
be integrated into all
the others interstellar,
and that's a huge
number, by the way.
And that exists out there
already for advanced worlds.
The worlds that have hit
level two, three, four,
they're already doing that.
We're coming along,
and there are
others by the way behind us.
Now there are planets
that are, maybe,
where we were 200,000 years
ago or 50,000 years ago.
So it's a process
that never ends.
And looking forward, I should
probably tell the story.
It's a little bit--
sounds like the science
fiction, but it's important
because everyone's
heard of Rendlesham
Forest, the Bentwaters case.
What people don't know is that
the senior military officers
there that they didn't want
to share publicly here's
what happened.
That black pyramid
that looked like a onyx
that landed for which
the Ministry of Defense,
after I was over there
meeting with them,
they eventually released
the reports of the soil
and what have you.
There are a lot of
things that happened.
That was a covert
nuclear weapons base.
People need to understand that.
Had that been known, it could
have triggered World War III
during the dark days of
the Cold War, you know,
the 70s, 80s, very,
very dangerous period.
And the ETs that were in
this pyramid floated through,
and they were luminous
tall, white forms--
came through the
side and connected
to the senior officers
and were saying,
we are your descendants from
500,000 years in the future.
So people say, well,
they were humans.
I said, no, it
was after humanity
had become for
hundreds of thousands
of years interstellar,
and it kept
evolving into that
level seven, eight,
nine level of conscious beings.
And they were concerned and said
if you stay on the path you're
on now, we won't exist.
Your descendants won't exist.
So these are our children's
children's children
20,000 generations forward.
>>BILLY: Right, so,
are we at a crossroads
between a convergent
timeline where either we're
going to become a warfaring race
that's leading to a destruction
or hopefully leading
to one of these higher
levels of civilization
you talked about?
>>DR. GREER: Yeah, we're exactly
at that inflection point,
and we've been there for
about 100 years, actually.
I remember we could have had
world peace in the early 1900s.
We could have had free energy
and Tesla type technologies
by the 20s.
We could have had
electrogravitics levitation
and very advanced
trans-dimensional systems
certainly by the
40s, '50s, '60s.
So this is a matter
of choice, and this
is the interplay
between the fact
that there is one era closing,
the era of rise and fall
and division.
We have to learn those
lessons, nail them, learn them
permanently, and
go, OK, that path
we've done as a collective
civilization species.
Now we need to learn this new
lesson of oneness, of unity,
of consciousness.
We have to transcend
our divisiveness
and find where we're really one,
and that's a spiritual issue
as much as it is a
social justice one.
But if we just stay
divided into warring camps,
it's like the eye for an eye
leaves the whole world blind.
At a certain point,
I view this really
as a spiritual
problem at its root,
and the solution is spiritual.
Not necessarily religious,
maybe for some people.
But I think, for the most
part, we have to recognize it
as a transcendent
spiritual crisis,
and there is a
spiritual solution,
and that has to do
with understanding
the ineffable but very
ever-present oneness we
all share through this conscious
spirit that is the singularity
that, you know, as
Erwin Schrodinger said,
the father of modern quantum
physics particle wave theory,
"In 1908, the total number of
minds in the universe is one."
So we have to be
deep enough to see
that like the compassion
of the Buddha,
where we see that all beings are
us, we are they, they are us.
So that is this the
motto for what I'm doing
is one universe, one people.
I view these civilizations
out in space as people,
they may be very
different looking,
they may be very different
cultures, but they are people.
They're intelligent,
sentient people.
And I think we need to get to
that level of understanding
and not project the
divisiveness and the racism
and all the tribal warfare of
the last yuga onto the future.
See, I think we need
to go beyond that.
And of course, the wise
people of the last 100 years
have all called for
that, whether it
be Gandhi or Martin Luther
King, or many figures
as spiritual leaders.
And I think that at
this point, public
has to say we're going
to make this happen.
And if we do, it's a
collective conscious decision.
So it's a choice.
We're at a fork in
the road here and been
there for about 100 years
looking at a big perspective,
and we need to make
the right choice.
We need to turn away
from disunity and warfare
and violence and make
a really clear decision
that we're going
to live peacefully
on Earth and in space.
So there are people who
want to unite the world
against something out there.
That is not going
forward, my friends.
That's taken a big leap backward
and leads to extinction.
So we have to make
this decision,
and we really don't have a
lot of time to do it, frankly.
>>BILLY: Right, exactly.
How do you think
reincarnation plays
into this in terms
of people coming back
if you believe in that?
>>DR. GREER: It is a
very good question,
and it's probably
an hour discussion.
Well, I will give you a hint.
It's not linear.
It's conscious holographic.
So your individuality; you
go on forever until such time
as you choose for your drop to
permanently be with the ocean.
And even then, what remains
of your individuality
is still there.
It's called Leshavidya
in Sanskrit,
and you can reconstitute it.
However, you can
experience and have
been other lives from not you.
People confuse what I,
but from a holographic,
quantum, deeper part of
an understanding of who
and what we are, remember
this great saying, think
is thyself a puny form when
within the universe is folded.
The entirety of
creation in the cosmos
is folded within
every single person.
That means you can experience
past life, now, future life,
and their collective souls.
So the sort of you're born
here, you do bad things,
you drop dead, you go
into the next world
and get reborn as a dung
beetle or something.
That understanding
is not correct.
There is a very
profound truth to it,
but it's very
holographic conscious.
>>BILLY: Dr. Gregg,
tell us a little bit
about potential futures
or possible futures.
>>DR. GREER: Yeah,
and this is really
gets into this whole question.
Some people will talk about
there are multiple realities
running simultaneously.
And that's true.
And if you look at--
people ask me sometimes, how
many dimensions are there?
I said the number of dimensions
are how many numbers are there
between zero and infinity.
In reality, the
resonant frequency
can be adjusted click by
click by click endlessly
from one point to another.
And in understanding
that, it means
that at this point in space-time
on Earth, there's this reality.
But there are other
slightly different realities
that are simultaneously
occurring,
but those are clicked
away, a bit away.
We don't really perceive them.
We can.
Now, let's talk about
this planet here now.
That means we can buy
our collective will,
choose different possible
futures or probable ones.
Some of them are
not very savory.
Some of them are-- lead
to a planet in the future
of great enlightenment.
And I think that the timeline is
very specific in how much time
we have until we have to get
a certain number of things
correct it.
The Earth is not going to
allow us to endlessly destroy
her biosphere, for example.
Our weapon systems' and our
technology's advancing cannot
continue to be endlessly
applied to endless war.
Those are all-- lead
to an extermination,
an extinction-level situation.
Now, there's a lot in
between, and that's
where there's a
lot of, but there
are certain things that are
absolute requirement going
forward past a few more decades.
And what that is,
time doesn't exist.
I call it the event horizon,
the delta of change.
That's what time is,
how things change.
And that can be sped
up or contracted.
I would suggest we get
on with it, frankly.
And I think most people in the
planet would benefit from that.
So my hope and my prayer
is that people consciously
see and choose the good future,
the optimal future, and not
the extinction level 1.
Or that we just become
peaceful, but we
stay for hundreds of years
in a rather muddled state as
opposed to pursuing higher
states of consciousness
and the destiny of the golden
era of humanity, that is,
the intention of
this next big cycle,
yuga, which is about
a 500,000 years cycle.
>>BILLY: Dr. Greer, you have
a special vision for humanity
as we look to the future.
What do you see in
that future for us?
>>DR. GREER: What I
see is us making it
through this phase transition of
chaos that we're in right now.
And there will be very rapidly
at that point coherence
on the planet.
First sort of a material
geopolitical world
peace here and on
Earth, rapidly followed
by the pursuit of not only
higher states of consciousness
but the release of
these technologies
that will transform the world.
So the world that I have
seen into the future,
I had one wonderful
lucid dream vision.
I was in my 90s, and I was
up in my beloved mountains
of North Carolina or Virginia.
I'm part-- my dad was half
Cherokee Native American,
and I was on this thing,
a device, a personalized
levitation device floating
over these beautiful gorges
and mountains, and
it was pristine.
The whole Earth was pristine.
There was a very clear
vision, but then I
saw the cities how we
lived in the future,
and the world was pristine.
There was no pollution.
All defilement of the
Earth had vanished.
And remember, the
technology we have already
that are classified would enable
us to clean up all the damage
existing now in the oceans,
the land, the air, including
radioactive.
I've seen systems where you can
put radioactive material in,
it neutralizes it, and the
output is completely cleaned.
There are some
transmutation of elements
that happen there, too, by
the way, in those systems.
You end up with some silver
and gold and the output that
wasn't on the input because
these are high magnetized
plasma systems that take
the waste material in,
chemical or radioactive,
and the magnetic force
causes the electron
shell to become a toroid,
and then the nuclei combined.
So it's like, yeah, and then
it goes from the periodic table
to different-- but
it also gets rid
of the radioactive isotopes.
So these are technologies
I have seen personally.
These are extant.
They're on the Earth now.
So think of those all being
released for peaceful purposes,
not war, not weapons, and
suddenly we have no pollution,
and we have no poverty.
Things can be
materialized eventually.
And we have a civilization
where the scrounging
to make a subsistence existence
is a thing of the past.
Most illnesses and disease
are a thing of the past.
You know, human life will extend
to our natural genetic clock
about 120 years,
but epigenetically,
with consciousness and
medicine coming together,
what happens in
meditative states?
You unlock all these genes they
used to think were junk DNA,
and suddenly, our
bodies are transformed.
We're able to live quite
much, quite a deal longer,
because of the interface
between meditative states
consciousness, the environment,
diet, all of it and stress.
And so, perhaps we live to
be much longer than that.
And then, on top of it,
you have the ability
to have societies that
are evolving where
the focus becomes mainly on
the science of consciousness,
developing higher
states of consciousness.
So you go from, I
call, a material peace
to the great peace,
the inner peace,
the peace of enlightenment.
But that's a
transitional period,
and I see that happening
over the next few decades
and hundreds of years.
And then from there,
the stars are the limit,
and the celestial is the--
I mean, there is no limit.
Our civilization will
become very advanced up
to and through a level
six, seven, eight
that I outlined in the
prior episode, where
everyone on the planet is
literally born eventually
in enlightenment.
And we'll eventually get there.
Now that's a while, but
it can happen very quickly
because once you
reach a certain sort
of critical conscious evolution,
it happens very rapidly.
And physically,
you evolve rapidly.
And the good news has
come out in science
in the last few
years when people
are in a meditative state, and
they begin to actually increase
their IQ, they increase their
body-mind complex becomes
much more refined
that that state gets
passed on in the next
generation, your children,
immediately.
And then, as they evolve,
it gets passed there.
So instead of us being
keep going forward
and falling back and forth,
it becomes this ascendant arc
that is not only-- it's
conscious bioevolution where
we're going to become an
extraordinary civilization.
>>BILLY: Dr. Greer, this has
been an amazing interview.
Is there one last thing you
want to leave our viewers
with before we end the series?
>>DR. GREER: Yes, I
love the experience
that Colonel Corso had in 1956.
I was one year old, and he
had this meeting with an ET
out in the desert that
had landed daytime.
And interestingly, you
know, the craft was solid,
and then it would
dematerialize and look
like a heatwave in the desert.
And it went back and forth.
Eventually, the ET
communicated with him.
And of course, the Colonel was
the brash Air Force Colonel,
he said, and the ET was really
wanting them to shut down
some of the radar systems
that were not just radar
but were directional
energy weapons.
And the Colonel said,
what's in it for me?
And the ET said, a new
world if you can take it.
So, what I tell people
is that, OK, that's what?
65 years ago now.
I think we need to take it.
I think it's time for
us to say, OK, this
has been possible for decades.
Now we need to
collectively choose it,
and I think if enough people--
and I think it only takes
about 1% like I said,
that whole consciousness effect.
That if 1% of the
population understands
the power of consciousness,
move together as one,
become CE-5 Contact
ambassadors to the universe,
work in their communities
to educate folks,
this can happen
very quickly now.
And since the subject is
now being talked about quite
openly, we need
to say, OK, here's
what the actual truth is,
but more importantly, here's
what everyone can do about it.
So it's really a call to action.
It's not just to have the
intellectual knowledge.
Is actually to move
and walk that walk.
And I think I would ask that
everyone consider what they can
do to walk that walk and
create this beautiful world
of our dreams in which
this ET intimated.
It's a new world
if you can take it.
I think we should make
the decision knowing
can we take it, we
want it, and we're
going to make it happen now.
>>BILLY: Absolutely.
Thank you, Dr. Greer.
>>DR. GREER: Thank you.
Pleasure being with you.
>>BILLY: I'm Billy Carson.
This concludes this
season of Disclosure
with Dr. Steven Greer.
Thanks for watching.
[SWOOSHING]